uh-huh on the rock on it boss so warning
what neighborhood when I pop the trust
that means that I'm ready to go with
some NK hollows neither chairmanship
trucks you better give up throwing in
the Hudson River I got a real itchy
fingers up the trigger this is no motion
picture make the drinking's go away with
your hopes and wishes my rope the gold
pave in the triple digits and i stayed
real joy I think smullins mixes Lulu
replicates and laps and got Google's on
our payroll data eat your chest I'm
pretty perspect I told you this was
dangerous the well-known
she's gotta run
I in the neighborhood
and yanni around here it ain't nothing
sweet and i'ma let you know a couple of
things gonna fuck with me big screen saw
the truck to see just luxury so don't
make things up the leash for us he put a
code of the streets the POTUS can be
attacked like 11 held the weed weed
debug it took the sleeper playing for
keeps she stuck the chef Roberto be
vigilant in a bowl for me I'm just
please forget me room while our caucus
weeds at the brain likes pasta cheese
ironically Queen never cut sorry
church and all the things will harden
approaches just brings when you fuckers
the doctors return and all your things
no heart no PO choose your brain will
you fuck
he's got everyone
this is the reason I here is the reason
why show up like this the way I dress
the way I love stage focus in the room
like this place where dreams don't leave
this every day your new prime a new body
scratched off the list
mr. great life is Kansas the guns in the
drugs that make life for this living is
so priceless I can't go to the park play
ball because Marcus
a little tired of this shit fastballs no
food they say I've got my pocket k at 12
hours consider the man I gotta do
anything to make him look I got it
just thinking this and come on the
street every day trying to make it
actually gone for change what a pleasure
gonna walk like a man I was born by
myself so I guess I gotta go
everyone
in the neighborhood
I'm Johnny
Oh
in the neighborhood
I'm Johnny
he's got everyone